I think regular viewers and connoisseurs
heading secrets mastery notice that
Topics that choose a lead for new
lessons are getting harder and harder
I want to appeal to those who watch this
first column for sure
time to browse the entire archive of secrets
craftsmanship
since it is published separately on the site
league billiards
hello there is a kirichuk affair and rubric
secrets of mastery in one of the past
issues we have considered a
billiard stand
which in my opinion is
optimal however if we look at
professional players and not
only in Russian billiards but also in pool
snooker we will see that their racks can
very different among themselves
which does not interfere with the players
show high results
today we will figure out what are
billiard stand items and how it
affects the gameplay
let's talk different for a start
leg set up our legs
perform two important functions this
stability and ease of legs it
the foundation of our stand is from steady
the position is directly dependent accuracy
Kim hits in its balls 2 at least
an important component is the convenience of many
players who find themselves stable on
not comfortable enough rack
faces such a problem that
one and a half to two hours the game goes as it should
but starting from that moment onwards
the number of marriages and so the position of the legs a
should be steady and comfortable let's
let's see what could be here
options start with the first but put
which is used for this sheet
right leg support
the first option is both feet parallel
strike line this option is
the most stable but he is
most uncomfortable as a player
starts to get up the rack immediately starts
pull the right leg hurts
make this position a little less
sustainable but much more convenient
you can turn the right toe on comfortable
us corner then we can put the left
foot forward and due to this
Become more comfortable The second option stands both
legs straight
put very widely can put them
at any angle to the strike line
such a stand is very comfortable
very steady will stop that in
such a rack becomes harder to get up
Do not blow and because the right leg is already
frame and does not hold the third rack option
this is a stand with a support on the left foot such
stance we can keep the right foot in
hitting the left foot put forward and
transfer weight to her by bending her knee
or we can put the right foot a little bit
even aside from her well yes such a rack
may be quite steady but she
can not be logged on convenient because
that the bent left leg will
strain also when we get up in
such a rack for what we
we fall down on the left foot and also on
control may be lost to our left hand
over right- handed right- handed husband starts
cuddle too much to ourselves we still
one rack option which is small
luxury spread billion
occipital eliminated in bullets this rack in
which the right leg is supporting
but it is bent for example
right leg bent left leg straight
Either both legs are slightly bent.
resistant are very comfortable
special tall people but they
are the least resistant of all
possible options because two
toes is very difficult to keep
balance now let's talk about tass
we may not unwrap that at all
put on the line of the gift then we get
extra precision on short
blows but blows with big plates to us
make it very difficult either we can
deploy tass then we
there are blows with any swing with you
wiring but it will be harder for us to manage
ball for short distances
also on precision shots
dirty amplitudes i ed our right
shoulder
when we let the right food very low
cale we have such a natural
the lock is badly held high and becomes
easy to control the balls on short
punches if we hold the right shoulder
high and get up in such a stable with us
there is an opportunity designed for
long strokes but disappears
natural fixation and infusions more difficult
control short balls like speaking
right sins can either keep it
relaxed and just kept in
left hand in this position us
there is a maximum movement
someone gets harder to do
straightforward to clip we can
maximum hold him to her in such
position on it gets a lot easier
manage it do straight shots
by is control but it appears
also stiffness of movements as well
if you try to cuddle your elbow
then see to it that it does not lay down
strongly on the back
when he is swamped heavily side of the back on
small swing, we could quite
even blow when we do
high amplitude shocks which
start walking so if we press to
yourself elbow need so unfolds
rack so that he will still be Putin
secular now let's talk about
left hand
the main function of the left hand is to hold
our rack
it is very easy to feel that
maximally straighten your left arm we
we get maximum fixation and
rack control but very easy
feel on a straight arm on
some bumps may not be enough
coiling cure we can
pushing your arm away and bending a little
elbow in this position we are a little bit
lose control stand fixing but
we get an additional fulcrum that
allows us to control hitting
big deputies now let's talk
about the situation as I am relative to ours
Chin our two can be hold cue
straight chin or shift it
here's the right and left eye the easiest
service combining
our eyes are a scarf and direction of impact
then if our head will move
forward vertical plane of quicasso
under the chin on will be easy to keep
direction of impact in order to
get the same direction holding
head a little bit away from kia us
some point will have to lead
head to the side lighting the same head
regarding the strike line we and immediately
Losing restores will have it already in
rack and it is unnecessary machine line of impact
so we looked at various
elements of which can be yours
stand for let's see how it all
may look altogether
For example, a good stand for short
hitting we put straight legs
turn around take 7 right shoulder
and do a short for individual strikes
can try another stand wide
legs apart will give us the maximum
stability and comfort deployed tass
high right shoulder will give us
the opportunity to make a big swing and
bent elbow us at the opportunity
control blow big
amplitude
well that's all for today are studying
design pick the most
suitable options for you
and if you still have questions on
today's topic do not hesitate
leave them in the comments and we
be sure to consider in the next
releases with you was a kirichuk novel before
new meetings